Recumbent Marigold Raccoon

medium

# Incorrect Configuration in AutomationVault Causes OpenRelay Malfunction

## Summary

In AutomationVault, users have the option to designate any address as the NATIVE_TOKEN. However, OpenRelay relies on a hardcoded address from constants.sol to reference the specific NATIVE_TOKEN. If the user does not configure the NATIVE_TOKEN address correctly to match the hardcoded value, OpenRelay fails to operate as it exclusively utilizes the native token and the addresses do not align.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue arises from the way AutomationVault.sol and OpenRelay.sol handle token addresses:

AutomationVault.sol checks if the feeToken is the NATIVE_TOKEN and attempts a native token transfer. If the transfer fails, it triggers a revert operation.
OpenRelay.sol expects the NATIVE_TOKEN to be the one specified in constants.sol, which is immutable and set as a constant. This mismatch in token address expectations leads to operational failure in OpenRelay.

## Impact

The reliance on a specific hardcoded NATIVE_TOKEN address in OpenRelay causes the system to break if AutomationVault is configured with a different NATIVE_TOKEN address. This renders OpenRelay inoperative.

## Code Snippet

AutomationVault.sol

```javascript
@>      if (_feeInfo.feeToken == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
        (_success,) = _feeInfo.feeRecipient.call{value: _feeInfo.fee}('');
        if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
      } else {
        IERC20(_feeInfo.feeToken).safeTransfer(_feeInfo.feeRecipient, _feeInfo.fee);
      }
```
OpenRelayl.sol
```javascript
_feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(_feeRecipient, _NATIVE_TOKEN, _payment);
```

Constants.sol
```javascript
address constant _NATIVE_TOKEN = 0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE;
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To resolve this issue, standardize the value of NATIVE_TOKEN across all instances of AutomationVault.sol by using the constant _NATIVE_TOKEN from constants.sol. This will ensure that the token address in AutomationVault aligns with the expectations of OpenRelay, preventing operational disruptions.





