Huge Brown Moose

high

# OpenRelay.sol does not account for the Layer1 gas fees used in the transaction while calculating the fee to be paid to the relayer.

## Summary

The `exec()` function in OpenRelay.sol is structured in way that it calls the `exec()` function in AutomationVault.sol twice. First one with _execData where the jobs are specified and second one with the _feeData to be compensated for the job execution. While calculating the compensation amount after the first call it only includes the L2 gas fees (if the contracts are deployed on L2) and it does not include the L1 fees.



## Vulnerability Detail

The formula for calculating the fee amount to be paid back is as follows: 

`uint256 _payment = (_gasSpent + GAS_BONUS) * block.basefee * GAS_MULTIPLIER / BASE;
`
This equation does not account for the L1 fees which is described [here](https://docs.optimism.io/stack/transactions/fees#the-l1-data-fee) by optimism. 

Protocol documents state that keepers(relayers) are incentivized with %120 gas fees for their execution of the job ([Current ](https://docs.xkeeper.network/content/how-to/open_relay.html)incentive: 120% of the gas costs, paid out in ETH instantaneously) but this is misleading because of the issue described above. Given L1 fees are dynamic and depend on the several conditions, it is mostly higher than the L2 fees.  As a result the fee compensated is not 120% of the gas costs.

Let's look at the sample transaction from the deployment on Optimism here: https://optimistic.etherscan.io/tx/0x3c6aa4e1f5de25b14638147d6db893fdf8bff6a29dbe1fad86c93d6bfad2badd

If you check the transaction details on gas usage and the transaction logs where the function calls back the AutomationVault.sol with the payment amount (which is 89296942560 in this particular case) it is clear that L1 gas fees are not compensated. 

L1 gas paid = 3984000000000 (3,984 Gwei).
_amount :89296942560 (The fee to be compensated back to the keeper, 89 Gwei).

There is a net loss in gas fees for the keeper(relayer) in the magnitude of double digits.




## Impact

Keepers(relayers) get less (or lose funds) fees paid than anticipated. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L21-L44.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Include L1 gas fees in payment calculation.
