Restless Tiger Ape

medium

# OpenRelay relay does not properly compensate jobs with small gas usages

## Summary

The OpenRelay relay does not account for the base cost of transactions, nor for the gas cost of the separate call to reimburse the keeper


## Vulnerability Detail

The gas cost reimbursed is solely the cost of the external call to execute the job, which can be only a small part of the transaction's cost. For example, for [this](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/tx/0xa25c3c868e0fd1c12f940ac2733100a0d4ef1be03772207908836c4d7cb9841f) transactions for [this](https://xkeeper.network/sepolia/vault/0xe9ea497a2dB6512307064583da4a7220fc0d14eA) vault, the transaction fee was 0.000160418704443228 ETH, but only 0.000087537325119585 ETH was reimbursed. Looking at the Gas Profiler section of the [Phalcon](https://app.blocksec.com/explorer/tx/sepolia/0xa25c3c868e0fd1c12f940ac2733100a0d4ef1be03772207908836c4d7cb9841f) report for this transaction, the first `exec()` call (the one that gets reimbursed) accounts for only `18975 / 65142 = ~30%` of the full transaction's cost. The rest of the cost comes from the 16 gas/byte of the transaction calldata, the `Gtransaction` (21000 gas) cost, as well as the execution cost of the external call to issue the refund.


## Impact

Because there's a multiplier on the raw amount of gas spent, the larger the execution's gas cost, the more of the deficit is paid back. However, this eats into the intended 20% bonus, which means small jobs won't get executed, and large jobs won't get as big a refund as was intended. 

Note that a more and more frequent use of keepers is with Pyth price updates, which significantly increase the amount of calldata. The contest README states that the sponsor is interested in issues where future integrations would be negatively impacted, and one such case would be where an exchange is trying to use xkeeper to handle operations that involve Pyth updates, but do little else. Such jobs will never be executed, because they will be unprofitable for keepers to execute.


## Code Snippet

Only one of the external calls is reimbursed, and there is no accounting for the cost of calldata:
```solidity
// File: solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol : OpenRelay.exec()   #1

28        // Execute the automation vault counting the gas spent
29        uint256 _initialGas = gasleft();
30        _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](0));
31        uint256 _gasSpent = _initialGas - gasleft();
32    
33        // Calculate the payment for the relayer
34        uint256 _payment = (_gasSpent + GAS_BONUS) * block.basefee * GAS_MULTIPLIER / BASE;
35    
36        // Send the payment to the relayer
37        IAutomationVault.FeeData[] memory _feeData = new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](1);
38        _feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(_feeRecipient, _NATIVE_TOKEN, _payment);
39:       _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, new IAutomationVault.ExecData[](0), _feeData);
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L28-L39


## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation

Include the calldata cost in the calculation, and also increase the GAS_BONUS to account for `Gtransaction` and the refund call's gas cost