Brisk Wintergreen Koala

high

# Executor can drain owner's funds deposited in the vault for payments.

## Summary
If a job is being executed from an open relay, the executor can drain the funds of owner that are being deposited into vault for the fee payment.
## Vulnerability Detail
When job is being exected from an OpenRelay, `OpenRelay::exec()` function is being used, in which the fee payment is being calculated using the `_gasSpent`, during the execution. And then the payment amount is being transferred from vault to the `feeRecipient` .

Now for this attack to happen there should be condition , that there should be a job which contains a low-level call to its users.
Like for example , `distributeRewards` function, and the rewards are being distributed using a low-level call. (which is quite common).

So a executor can participate in that protocol and get himself involved in the rewards distribution process, where the low level call will be made to itself.
Now if while calling  `OpenRelay::exec()` , the executor would execute the job and then inside of it there would be a low-level call done, which would trigger the fallback/receive at the executor's contract.

Now the whole control is at the executor side, now the executor can do arbitrary things and included highle complex logic just to consume more gas and increase the `_gasSpent`, so that at the end when the `AutomationVault::exec` function call will be completed , there will be more `_gasSpent` than actually would have been used for the execution of job.

And like this, by increasing `_gasSpent`, at one point, the owner's funds can also be drained.

`A similar finding was found by TRUST SECURITY in one of their audits :` <a href="https://solodit.xyz/issues/trst-h-2users-can-drain-gelato-deposit-at-little-cost-trust-security-none-brahma-markdown_">Trust Security Finding</a>

Here Trust security has also stated about the gas being converted into popular gas tokens, like CHI, personally I tried getting knowledge of it, but because of lack of time was not able to fully gain it to explain about it here, if `Judge` & `Sponsor Team` would be having idea of it, then can discuss more on it, I just shared for better prevention. 

Now here , team can say that `This would be owner's fault that he approved for a job contain low-level call`, actually it wouldn't be completely his fault, because it might happen that he might not know about such risk.
And this was not stated anywhere in details hence submitted the finding.

From xkeeper's side this risk can be mitigated, hence would be better to avoid future drama.

## Impact
Here, as stated above, if the executor can convert into gas tokens and then can profit from it , then it can implement this attack at a very little cost, just as stated in `Trust Security's` finding, and can fully drain the owner's funds in vault. 
Hence impact can be high. And hence severity can be `HIGH`.

But if this can't happen, then for all the complex logic at the receiver's end, the executor would have to pay for all the `_gasSpent`, but would ofc, get the fees more than the `_gasSpent` cost, since other fee paramters are being used to calculate the final payment.

So here there wouldn't be much of profit, but would be equal to `payment - _gasSpent`, which might not be much (or might be)

Because of which for the second case there can/cannot be chance that the attacker wouldn't have much incentive to do this.
Hence for this case it can be a MEDIUM risk issue.

But still this doesn't states out the fact that owner's funds can be in risk.

Hence to avoid future drama as said before, this case should be mitigated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L397-L453
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For mitigating this risk, a hard cap for `_gasSpent` can be used, which if gets above the cap, then the function call should revert, as this much of gasSpent was not being expected.

But ofcourse various job implementation would have various different type of logic implemented, hence xkeeper can't fix a hard cap for this.

But while adding `relayJobs`, there can be a extra parameter being added in the `_jobsData` where the owner themselve provide the hard cap for `_gasSpent`, since they would be having idea that how much maximum gas can be spent for executing that particular job.

And then for that job, after execution, the `_gasSpent` can be compared with the `cappedValue`, if its greater than `cappedValue`, then make the function revert.

Which would prevent the risk of owner's funds being drained.