Wild Ceramic Moose

medium

# Keepers get lower than expected payment in OpenRelay contract

## Summary
Keepers get lower than expected payment in the `OpenRelay` contract when `exec` is called.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `OpenRelay` contract, the function `exec` has this check - `if (_execData.length == 0) revert OpenRelay_NoExecData();` to verify if the _execData length is 0. However, this check is not included in the calculation for the payment towards the keeper. Since this check is also related to the `_execData`, it should also be included in payment calculation just like the way `_automationVault.exec` is included.

So, the first few calls in exec should look like this:

```solidity
  function exec(
    IAutomationVault _automationVault,
    IAutomationVault.ExecData[] calldata _execData,
    address _feeRecipient
  ) external {
    // Execute the automation vault counting the gas spent
    uint256 _initialGas = gasleft();
    if (_execData.length == 0) revert OpenRelay_NoExecData();
    _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](0));
    uint256 _gasSpent = _initialGas - gasleft();
```    
Here _gasSpent is then further used to calculate the keeper payment. If this check is not included in the payment calculation, then the keeper would receive less payment for the same amount of work done.

It might seem like the check might not amount to the consumption of a lot of gas units, as it only accesses the length property of the `_execData` array and then it does a simple comparison. But, take into account the gas price of the network. Especially on the Ethereum mainnet, where during peak hours the gas price per gas unit might reach very high values and then simple operations will also cost more Ether. 

If the gas price was 100 Gwei during peak hours on Ethereum mainnet, and if the gas units needed were 3, then the cost would be 300 Gwei, which is about 20 dollars now - https://coinbrain.com/converter/eth-0x29e683aeafd03bb6c02055c3ca8b6edb4bb9bae5/usd
Keepers would also be consistently used during peak hours. So, every time they call this function, they would be paying 20 dollars more but in return they would not get those 20 dollars back in their payment. This is a loss for the keepers.

Hence, the above check should be included in the payment calculation.

## Impact
Keepers end up receiving less payment for the same amount of work done.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L21-L34

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As recommended above, include the check for payment calculation.
