Odd Walnut Bee

high

# [AutomationVaultFactory] - Unrestricted Access Vulnerability in deployAutomationVault Function of AutomationVaultFactory Contract

## Summary
The `AutomationVaultFactory` contract provides a function `deployAutomationVault` which is crucial for deploying new `AutomationVault` instances. Currently, there is no access control implemented on this function, allowing any user to initiate the deployment of new vaults. This lack of restrictions could lead to unauthorized use, potentially resulting in operational disruptions and unnecessary consumption of network resources.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `deployAutomationVault` function allows any Ethereum address to deploy new vault instances without any form of validation or restriction. This open access presents a significant security risk, as malicious actors could exploit this to deploy a large number of vaults, cluttering the contract's storage and possibly leading to a denial of service by filling up the state with unnecessary data.

## Impact
Without proper access controls, there is a risk of the contract being overwhelmed by numerous unnecessary vault deployments, which could exhaust gas resources and potentially lead to increased costs and cluttering of the blockchain. Moreover, it could be used to disrupt the intended operations of the contract by initiating deployments with malicious intent.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `withdrawFunds` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVaultFactory.sol#L53-L69)
```solidity
function deployAutomationVault(
    address _owner,
    address _nativeToken,
    uint256 _salt
) external returns (IAutomationVault _automationVault) {
  // Create the new automation vault with the owner
  _automationVault = new AutomationVault{salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _salt))}(_owner, _nativeToken);

  if (address(_automationVault) == address(0)) revert AutomationVaultFactory_Create2Failed();

  // Add the automation vault to the list of automation vaults
  _automationVaults.add(address(_automationVault));

  // Emit the event
  emit DeployAutomationVault(_owner, address(_automationVault));
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is crucial to implement access control mechanisms. The usage of OpenZeppelin's AccessControl can be particularly effective. A role, such as `DEPLOYER_ROLE`, should be created and managed by the contract administrators. The deployAutomationVault function should then include a modifier to check if the message sender has the necessary role:
```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/access/AccessControl.sol";

contract AutomationVaultFactory is AccessControl {
    bytes32 public constant DEPLOYER_ROLE = keccak256("DEPLOYER_ROLE");

    function deployAutomationVault(
        address _owner,
        address _nativeToken,
        uint256 _salt
    ) external onlyRole(DEPLOYER_ROLE) returns (IAutomationVault _automationVault) {
        // function implementation remains the same
    }
}
```

This change ensures that only authorized addresses can deploy new vaults, securing the contract against unauthorized access and potential abuse.