Merry Quartz Ram

high

# Native token address may cause issues with `GelatoRelay` and `OpenRelay` due to address discrepancies

## Summary
Anyone can deploy a new automation vault via `AutomationVaultFactory::deployAutomationVault`, which accepts `address _nativeToken` as a parameter, which will be set as an immutable address for the automation vault. This address is used to check if the relay set the fee token as the native token (i.e, ETH in mainnet) once the jobs are executed by the relay. The vault will proceed to transfer the native token if the address matches. `OpenRelay`, which only accepts payment in the native token, requires this address to be `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE`. The problem is that `address(0)` is the most common convention to refer to the native token, which may be used by `GelatoRelay` to request ETH, in addition to users simply setting this address to `address(0)` as the native token (since it's most common) upon calling `AutomationVaultFactory::deployAutomationVault`.

If an address other than `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE` is set as the native token address when deploying an automation vault, the vault will not be compatible with `OpenRelay` and will always revert. The only solution is to deploy a new vault and setting the native token to `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE` on this new vault, costing extra gas fees and inconvenience. 

If `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE` is used instead of a more common address for the native token, such as `address(0)`, this will cause issues with `GelatoRelay`, since they may request payment in the native token as `address(0)`.

## Vulnerability Detail
`AutomationVaultFactory::deployAutomationVault`
```javascript
  function deployAutomationVault(
    address _owner,
@>  address _nativeToken,
    uint256 _salt
  ) external returns (IAutomationVault _automationVault) {
    // Create the new automation vault with the owner
    _automationVault = new AutomationVault{salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _salt))}(_owner, _nativeToken);
```

The address passed in for `_nativeToken` is set as immutable for the automation vault.

`AutomationVault::exec`
```javascript
@>  if (_feeInfo.feeToken == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
    (_success,) = _feeInfo.feeRecipient.call{value: _feeInfo.fee}('');
    if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
    } else {
    IERC20(_feeInfo.feeToken).safeTransfer(_feeInfo.feeRecipient, _feeInfo.fee);
    }
```

The address of `_feeInfo.feeToken` must match the address of the native token for the relay to receive the fee amount in that token. If it doesn't match the call will revert since `safeTransfer` cannot be executed on native token address.

`OpenRelay` only accepts the native token for payment, whereas for `GelatoRelay`, it depends on the task creator of the `GelatoRelay` network (source, check under `getFeeDetails`: https://etherscan.io/address/0x2a6c106ae13b558bb9e2ec64bd2f1f7beff3a5e0#readProxyContract).

`OpenRelay::exec`
```javascript
@>  _feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(_feeRecipient, _NATIVE_TOKEN, _payment);
    _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, new IAutomationVault.ExecData[](0), _feeData);
```

`_NATIVE_TOKEN` here is always equal to `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE` (set in `Constants.sol`)

Therefore, if the `NATIVE_TOKEN` address in the automation vault is any address other than `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE`, it will be incompatible with `OpenRelay`. The only solution is to redeploy a new vault with that address.

`GelatoRelay::exec`
```javascript
@>  (uint256 _fee, address _feeToken) = AUTOMATE.getFeeDetails();

    // Create fee data
    IAutomationVault.FeeData[] memory _feeData = new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](1);
    _feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(FEE_COLLECTOR, _feeToken, _fee);

    // Execute the automation vault
    _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, _feeData);
```

For `GelatoRelay`, the task creator can set the token address to be paid as any address. As I mentioned, `address(0)` is a common convention for the native token. If the `NATIVE_TOKEN` of the automation vault is set to `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE`, the vault will be unable to send the native token. `NATIVE_TOKEN` address must be `address(0)` in this case.


## Impact
Issues with compatibility with `OpenRelay` and `GelatoRelay`. DoS of these relays in some vaults, forcing vault owners to redeploy new automation vaults, costing them high gas fees and great inconvenience.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVaultFactory.sol#L53-L59

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L439

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/GelatoRelay.sol#L30

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L38

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/utils/Constants.sol#L4

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
One possibility is to remove the abilitity for users to specify the native token address upon vault deployment, and instead employ a check to send native token if `_feeInfo.feeToken` is equal to `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE` or `address(0)`. This ensures that if either address can be used to request native token for payment.