Fluffy Umber Halibut

medium

# OpenRelay Gas Reimbursement Underestimates Fees in High-Traffic Periods leading to delayed function execution

## Summary

This issue highlights how `AutomationVaults` utilizing `OpenRelay` risk severe delays during periods of network congestion.

The `OpenRelay` relay reimburses keepers using a formula that calculates (gasSpent + gasBonus) * 120%.  This aims to cover the cost of executing the transaction and provide an incentive. However, a crucial issue is how it determines the exchange rate of gas to ETH:

- block.basefee: This represents the minimum fee per unit of gas within a specific block, essential for transaction inclusion.
- Missing Component: block.basefee does NOT reflect the additional priorityFee that keepers often need to include, especially during network congestion, to ensure timely transaction execution.
 
```solidity=29
uint256 _initialGas = gasleft();
_automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](0));
uint256 _gasSpent = _initialGas - gasleft();

    // Calculate the payment for the relayer
uint256 _payment = (_gasSpent + GAS_BONUS) * block.basefee * GAS_MULTIPLIER / BASE;
```

meaning that keepers are not incentivized to give priorityFee for the transactions to be included , and so transaction execution will be delayed.

## Vulnerability Detail

Ethereum periodically experiences high congestion, making it necessary to include significant `priority fee` for timely transaction inclusion. Since the OpenRelay reimbursement model relies solely on `block.basefee`, keepers wont submit transactions with any `priorityFee` .
so during high congestion periods the job owners risk severe delays for their function execution.
This creates a critical issue for protocols relying on OpenRelay for executing time-sensitive transactions, potentially leading to delays, missed opportunities, and financial losses. The lack of flexibility for protocols to adjust their keeper compensation further compounds this problem, preventing them from adapting to real-time network conditions.

## Impact

This vulnerability essentially creates a scenario where protocols relying on `OpenRelay` for time-sensitive transactions have no guarantee of timely execution during network congestion.

so there is a loss of funds but with external conditions (being network congestion), that's why it deserves a medium severity.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L29-L34

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Utilize `tx.gasprice`: Replace `block.basefee` with `tx.gasprice` which accounts for both the base fee and priority fee.
- Configurable Priority Fee: Allow `AutomationVault` contracts to set an acceptable range or strategy for determining a suitable priorityFee to accept based on market conditions and the urgency of their functions.