Brisk Wintergreen Koala

high

# Malicious executor can steal more fees/payment when executing job through OpenRelay with Re-entrancy attack

## Summary
Re-entracy attack in `exec` function of OpenRelay can benefit approved executor from stealing more fees being payed than should have been.
## Vulnerability Detail
Lets say there are 5 different automation vaults, where a caller is being approved by all 5 owners of vault for all 5 contracts to execute their jobs through `OpenRelay`, i.e. not from a specific keeper network (Gelato,Keep3r).
Now for this attack to happen there has to be a condition , where in the job there should be a low level call being to done to users.
Like for eg : Job is to automate a `DistributeRewards` function,  lets say the distribution of rewards is being done with a low level call, (which is quite common).

So , lets say caller chooses such 5 vaults, where in all 5 there is a low level call being done. Then the caller participates in all these 5 protocol, which means there will be a low level call back to the caller.

Now from external - low level calls, lets say all the owners do mitigate all issues related re-entrancy and all, and it is safe from various attacks, so the owner would allow such job to get executed by others since its risk free.

But the risk would arise because of `OpenRelay::exec` function, since re-entrancy is possible here.

Now how attack could happen.

Lets say the 5 automation vaults named as A,B,C,D,E (just for explanation), and this first call is being done to execute A vault's job. Then function call flow would be :

`OpenRelay::exec(A) [Executing A vaults job] --> AutomationVault::exec() --> Job of A is executing --> Low-level call being done and fallback/receive triggered of caller`

Now in fallback/receive , the caller can proceed executing B vaults job 
then in next triggering , C vault job, then D vault job, and then finally E vault job. 

(This can be easily implemented , using a storage counter , and increasing it at every call, and using if-else with storage counter check for changing job execution)

Now for openRelay, the calculation of fees/payment is being done based on the gas used while working : 

```javascript
 // Execute the automation vault counting the gas spent
    uint256 _initialGas = gasleft();
    _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](0));
    uint256 _gasSpent = _initialGas - gasleft();

    // Calculate the payment for the relayer
    uint256 _payment = (_gasSpent + GAS_BONUS) * block.basefee * GAS_MULTIPLIER / BASE;

    // Send the payment to the relayer
    IAutomationVault.FeeData[] memory _feeData = new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](1);
    _feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(_feeRecipient, _NATIVE_TOKEN, _payment);
    _automationVault.exec(msg.sender, new IAutomationVault.ExecData[](0), _feeData);
```

Now while this attack, lets say if individually the jobs are executed, then  `v,w,x,y,z` are the `_gasSpent` for A,B,C,D,E vault jobs respectively.

Hence if , the caller would haven't implemented this attack, and individually executed jobs 5 times, then after all five executions, total `_gasSpent` would have been `v+w+x+y+z`. 

Now in this attack, since there's re-entrancy, the `_gasSpent` for A,B,C,D,E vault's job would be :
`(v+w+x+y+z), (w+x+y+z), (x+y+z), (y+z), (z)` repsectively.

Because while tracing back, those gas spent will add up:

Which totals to : `v+2w+3x+4y+5z`, which profits him off : `w+2x+3y+4z`.

Lets say for simplicity, gas spent in all 5 executions is same , i.e  v=w=x=y=z 

Then with individual calls `_gasSpent` = 5v;
With re-entrancy attack `_gasSpent` = 15v

The attacker will get 3 times more payment from attacking like this, where the first vault call, i.e A would be in the highest loss , and then depending on calls hierarchy, losses would differ and would decrease as it goes down hierarchy, where the last vault, here E, won't have any loss.
Hence like owner A would pay 5 times more, then B's owner would be 4 times more, and so on, if v=w=x=y=z.

## Impact
Attacker can steal more fees/payment from the owners. 
And I think , implementing this attack's likelihood would be atleast medium. And impact is high because of loss of funds of owners
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L397-L453
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If re-entrancy is prevented then this attack can't happen.

Hence for more safety, it would be better to make `AutomationVault::exec` function non-re-entrant, since it be any relay, the call is being passed from this function only, so if any re-entrancy attack is being implemented from Gelato, Keep3r or any other future integrated keepers network, then also it would prevent from this attack.