Joyful Spruce Eel

medium

# Tokens that revert on zero value transfers will not be able to interact with `AutomationVault` in edge case

## Summary
`Are there any types of [weird tokens](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20) you want to integrate?`
- Any ERC20 token could be added into the AutomationVault, and any relay could be built to accept that ERC20 as form of payment. The system is completely modular.

`Should potential issues, like broken assumptions about function behavior, be reported if they could pose risks in future integrations?`
- Yes.

Tokens that revert on zero value transfers will not be able to interact with `AutomationVault` in edge case.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's consider the following scenario (edge case):

1)Another protocol creates a custom relay that accepts ERC20 token that revert on transfer (e.g., `Meme`) as a form of payment.
2)The custom relay also implements the distribution of `Meme` tokens between the bot and the protocol's treasury.
```solidity
IAutomationVault.FeeData[] memory _feeData = new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](2);
        _feeData[0] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(
            _feeRecipient,
            MEME,
            _paymentForUser
        );
        _feeData[1] = IAutomationVault.FeeData(
            _treasury,
            MEME,
            _paymentForTreasury
        );
```
3)The owner of the relay can set the percentage of the protocol's treasury, and if it is set to zero, it will lead to a DOS on `AutomationVault`. This is because `AutomationVault` cannot interact with tokens that revert on zero value transfers.
```solidity
contract AutomationVault.exec
if (_feeInfo.feeToken == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
        (_success,) = _feeInfo.feeRecipient.call{value: _feeInfo.fee}('');
        if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
      } else {
--->     IERC20(_feeInfo.feeToken).safeTransfer(_feeInfo.feeRecipient, _feeInfo.fee); // revert when _feeInfo.fee == 0
      }
```

The custom relay can avoid this by only passing the bot address for payment without the treasury address. However, for this case, `AutomationVault` relies on the correct implementation in the custom relay, which is not ideal. Additionally, the custom relay could be much more complex and lead to the DOS scenario described earlier. Moreover, the assertion that any relay could be built to accept any ERC20 token as a form of payment is not accurate.

## Impact
Tokens that revert on zero value transfers will not be able to interact with `AutomationVault` in edge case.

## Code Snippet
[core/AutomationVault.sol#L442](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L442)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing an easy-to-fix solution:
```diff
if (_feeInfo.feeToken == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
        (_success,) = _feeInfo.feeRecipient.call{value: _feeInfo.fee}('');
        if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
      } else {
+ if (_feeInfo.fee != 0) {
                    IERC20(_feeInfo.feeToken).safeTransfer(
                        _feeInfo.feeRecipient,
                        _feeInfo.fee
+                    );
                }0
      }
```
