Odd Walnut Bee

high

# [Keep3rRelay] - High Severity Reentrancy Vulnerability in Keep3rRelay Contract

## Summary
The `Keep3rRelay` contract, integral to managing executions via the Keep3r network, is vulnerable to reentrancy attacks due to its execution function, exec. This function facilitates arbitrary external calls based on keeper-provided execution data, without employing reentrancy protection measures such as the nonReentrant modifier from OpenZeppelin. Given that this function handles arbitrary call executions, it is highly susceptible to reentrancy attacks that can lead to unintended effects, such as state corruption or unauthorized actions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The exec function in the `Keep3rRelay` contract allows keepers to execute predefined tasks through external calls. Since these calls can interact with arbitrary contracts, the absence of reentrancy protection exposes the contract to potential reentrancy attacks, where an external contract called during execution could make recursive calls back into the `exec` function or other parts of the `Keep3rRelay` contract before the first execution has completed.

## Impact
If exploited, a reentrancy attack could alter the state of the contract in between calls, manipulate execution flows, or result in unauthorized actions or financial losses. Given the contract's role in the Keep3r network and the potentially high value managed, this vulnerability poses a significant security risk.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `changeOwner` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/Keep3rRelay.sol#L23-L62)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, the exec function should be protected with the nonReentrant modifier provided by OpenZeppelin’s ReentrancyGuard. This modification will prevent any nested or recursive calls from being made while the function is executing, thus safeguarding against reentrancy attacks.
```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/security/ReentrancyGuard.sol";

// Apply the nonReentrant modifier to the exec function
function exec(IAutomationVault _automationVault, IAutomationVault.ExecData[] calldata _execData) external nonReentrant {
    // Existing implementation remains unchanged
}
```

This protective measure ensures that the function execution is atomic, preventing any interleaved executions that could lead to vulnerabilities or inconsistencies within the contract operations.