Odd Walnut Bee

high

# [OpenRelay] - High Severity Reentrancy Vulnerability in contract execution function

## Summary
The `OpenRelay` contract, which manages executions from any bot, exhibits a high-risk reentrancy vulnerability in its `exec` function. This function processes execution tasks, computes gas usage for compensation, and makes a subsequent external call to transfer compensation, all within the same transaction. The absence of reentrancy guards exposes the contract to potential attacks that could manipulate execution flow or state.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `exec` function, after the initial execution of tasks, the contract calculates the relayer's compensation based on the gas used and then makes another external call to transfer this compensation. This setup creates a reentrancy opportunity because the external call to transfer compensation can potentially be re-entered, allowing an attacker to disrupt the intended logic or cause unintended effects before the first execution cycle completes.

## Impact
Reentrancy could allow an attacker to perform multiple unintended operations, manipulate state, or extract funds maliciously. Given the contract's ability to manage potentially significant transactions and interactions, this vulnerability poses a critical security risk.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `changeOwner` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L21-L43)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, it is imperative to incorporate reentrancy protection using OpenZeppelin’s `nonReentrant` modifier. This should be applied to the `exec` function to ensure that no nested calls can occur during its execution, thus securing the contract from such attacks.

```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/security/ReentrancyGuard.sol";

function exec(
    IAutomationVault _automationVault,
    IAutomationVault.ExecData[] calldata _execData,
    address _feeRecipient
) external nonReentrant {
    // Existing implementation remains unchanged
}
```

This change will prevent the function from being re-entered while it is still executing, thereby preserving the integrity of the contract’s logic and preventing potential security breaches.