Broad Magenta Salmon

high

# Ownership and Access Control

## Summary
The centralization of power in the contract owner, who has significant privileges, increases the risk of misuse or exploitation, should the owner's private key be compromised.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contract owner has significant privileges, including the ability to withdraw funds, manage relays, and modify approved callers and jobs. The contract does not appear to have robust access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized entities can perform sensitive operations.

## Severity
High

## Example of Successful Exploitation
An attacker could compromise the private key of the contract owner, either through social engineering, phishing, or exploiting other vulnerabilities in the system. Once the attacker gains control of the owner account, they could withdraw all the funds from the Automation Vault or make other unauthorized changes, effectively stealing the users' assets.

## Impact
The centralization of power in the contract owner increases the risk of misuse or exploitation, should the owner's private key be compromised.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L454C1-L461C4

```solidity


modifier onlyOwner() {
  if (msg.sender != owner) revert AutomationVault_OnlyOwner();
  _;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a multi-signature or role-based access control system to distribute the administrative responsibilities and reduce the risk of a single point of failure.
Consider introducing tiered access levels, where different roles (e.g., owners, operators, guardians) have distinct permissions and capabilities.
Implement a process for securely transferring contract ownership to prevent unauthorized takeover.