Puny Amethyst Gazelle

medium

# Incorrect Check for Automation Vault Requirements in Keep3rBondedRelay Contract

## Summary

The Keep3rBondedRelay contract contains a bug in the logic used to check whether the automation vault requirements are set. The bug leads to incorrect behavior, potentially allowing job executions even when the requirements are not properly configured.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from an incorrect conditional check in the contract's logic, which incorrectly assumes that if all elements of the requirements (`_requirements.bond`, `_requirements.earned`, and `_requirements.age`) are equal to zero, the requirements are not set. However, this assumption may lead to incorrect behavior, as the bond address being zero does not necessarily indicate that the requirements are not set.

## Impact

The bug may lead to unintended job executions if not addressed promptly. It compromises the reliability and security of the contract by allowing jobs to be executed without proper requirement configuration, potentially leading to unexpected behavior or misuse of the system.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/Keep3rBondedRelay.sol#L47
```solidity
if (_requirements.bond == address(0) && _requirements.earned == 0 && _requirements.age == 0) {
    revert Keep3rBondedRelay_NotAutomationVaultRequirement();
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this issue, the contract should explicitly check whether the bond address is equal to the zero address (`address(0)`). This ensures that the contract correctly determines whether the requirements are set based on the bond address, rather than making assumptions based on multiple elements.

```solidity
if (_requirements.bond == address(0)) {
    revert Keep3rBondedRelay_NotAutomationVaultRequirement();
}
```

Implementing the proposed fix ensures that jobs cannot be executed unless the requirements, such as the bond address, are properly configured, improving the contract's reliability and security.