Puny Amethyst Gazelle

high

# Lack of Error Handling in AutomationVault's exec Function

## Summary

The `AutomationVault` contract exhibits a critical vulnerability within its `exec` function, where failed external function calls are not properly handled. This could potentially allow malicious actors to exploit the contract's behavior and compromise its integrity.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `exec` function of the contract, there is a lack of error handling for failed external function calls. Specifically, the contract does not revert the transaction if an external call encounters an error during the execution of job functions. This oversight leaves the contract vulnerable to manipulation and unauthorized actions by malicious entities.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is severe, as it opens the door to various security risks and potential loss of funds. Malicious actors could exploit this vulnerability to execute unauthorized actions, disrupt the intended functionality of the contract, or drain funds from the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L397
```solidity
// Vulnerable exec function
function exec(address _strategy, ExecData[] calldata _execData, FeeData calldata _feeData) external {
    // Iterate through job functions and execute them
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < _execData.length; i++) {
        // Make external function call to execute job function
        (bool success, bytes memory data) = _strategy.call(abi.encodeWithSelector(_execData[i].selector));

        // No error handling for failed external calls
        // Potential vulnerability here
    }

    // Other code here...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this critical vulnerability, it is imperative to implement proper error handling mechanisms within the `exec` function. Specifically, the contract should revert the transaction if any external function call encounters an error during the execution of job functions. By adding comprehensive error handling, the contract can mitigate the risk of exploitation and enhance its security posture.