Puny Amethyst Gazelle

high

# absence of input validation in the `exec` function

## Summary

The `exec` function in the provided Solidity contract executes job functions and issues payments without adequate input validation, posing a high-risk vulnerability. Specifically, the function lacks verification of the caller's authorization to execute specified job functions or issue payments, potentially allowing unauthorized users to perform arbitrary actions or drain funds from the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from the absence of input validation in the `exec` function, which fails to verify if the caller is authorized to execute the specified job functions or issue payments.

## Impact

This vulnerability presents a high-risk scenario where unauthorized users could exploit the `exec` function to execute arbitrary functions or drain funds from the contract, leading to financial losses or unauthorized actions.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L397
```solidity
function exec(address _relayCaller, ExecData[] calldata _execData, FeeData[] calldata _feeData) external {
    // Vulnerable code snippet...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, strict access controls and input validation should be implemented in the `exec` function. Verify that the caller is authorized to execute the specified job functions and issue payments. Consider implementing role-based access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized users can perform sensitive actions. Promptly addressing this issue is crucial to prevent unauthorized actions and protect the security of the contract.