Puny Amethyst Gazelle

high

# absence of validation in the `modifyRelay` function

## Summary

The `modifyRelay` function in the provided Solidity contract lacks validation checks, allowing the owner to modify callers and jobs associated with arbitrary relay addresses. This vulnerability poses a high risk as it could lead to unauthorized modifications of relays, compromising the integrity and security of the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from the absence of validation in the `modifyRelay` function, which fails to ensure that the owner is modifying legitimate relay addresses before making modifications to callers and jobs associated with them.

## Impact

This vulnerability allows attackers to exploit the `modifyRelay` function by providing arbitrary relay addresses, enabling them to modify callers and jobs associated with unauthorized relays. This could result in unauthorized access or execution of sensitive functions by unauthorized entities.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L273
```solidity
function modifyRelay(
    address _relay,
    address[] memory _callers,
    IAutomationVault.JobData[] memory _jobsData
) external onlyOwner {
    modifyRelayCallers(_relay, _callers);
    modifyRelayJobs(_relay, _jobsData);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, implement validation checks in the `modifyRelay` function to ensure that only legitimate relay addresses can be modified by the owner. Verify that the `_relay` address exists and is approved before allowing modifications to callers and jobs associated with it. Promptly addressing this issue is crucial to prevent unauthorized modifications and protect the security of the contract.