Odd Walnut Bee

high

# [AutomationVault] - Ownership Transfer Vulnerability Due to Lack of Address Validation in AutomationVault Contract

## Summary
The `AutomationVault` contract implements a two-step ownership transfer process that involves the `changeOwner` and `acceptOwner` functions. While this pattern is generally robust as it mitigates risks associated with unauthorized ownership transfer, the current implementation does not validate the new owner address passed to the `changeOwner` function, allowing it to be set to the zero address (address(0)).

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `changeOwner` function, there is no check to ensure that the `_pendingOwner` parameter is not the zero address. This oversight can lead to a situation where the contract ownership is accidentally or maliciously set to `address(0)`, which effectively locks out administrative control and renders the contract unmanageable.

## Impact
Setting the owner to the zero address results in a loss of control over the contract, as no further administrative actions can be performed. This could prevent the execution of critical functions that manage the contract's behavior and settings, ultimately freezing the contract's operations and funds.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `changeOwner` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L112-L115)

The vulnerability arises in the changeOwner function where _pendingOwner is directly set without validation:
```solidity
function changeOwner(address _pendingOwner) external onlyOwner {
    pendingOwner = _pendingOwner;
    emit ChangeOwner(_pendingOwner);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, implement a check to ensure that `_pendingOwner` is a non-zero address before assigning it. Here's an improved version of the `changeOwner` function:
```solidity
function changeOwner(address _pendingOwner) external onlyOwner {
    require(_pendingOwner != address(0), "AutomationVault: new owner cannot be the zero address");
    pendingOwner = _pendingOwner;
    emit ChangeOwner(_pendingOwner);
}
```

This validation will prevent the ownership from being inadvertently transferred to an invalid address, maintaining the contract's manageability and security. It's crucial to audit and fix this type of vulnerability to ensure robust contract operation and trust in the platform's governance structure.