Odd Walnut Bee

medium

# [AutomationVault] - Funds Loss Risk Due to Unvalidated Receiver Address in AutomationVault Withdrawal Function

## Summary
The `AutomationVault` contract allows the owner to withdraw ERC20 tokens or native ETH through the `withdrawFunds` function. While it effectively restricts this function to the owner using the `onlyOwner` modifier, it fails to validate whether the _receiver address provided is non-zero. This lack of validation can lead to unintentional token or ETH transfers to the zero address (address(0)), resulting in irreversible loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the current implementation of the withdrawFunds function, there is no safeguard to prevent the transfer of assets to an invalid address. The function directly uses the _receiver parameter in token transfer calls without ensuring that it is a valid, non-zero address. This omission increases the risk of assets being permanently lost if sent to address(0).

## Impact
Sending funds to the zero address is equivalent to burning them, which not only results in financial loss but also undermines trust in the contract's management and operational integrity. This issue is particularly critical in scenarios where large amounts of funds are managed.

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `withdrawFunds` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L125-L136)

The critical code segment showing the lack of receiver address validation in the withdrawFunds function is shown below:
```solidity
function withdrawFunds(address _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) external onlyOwner {
  // If the token is the native token, transfer the funds to the receiver, otherwise transfer the tokens
  if (_token == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
    (bool _success,) = _receiver.call{value: _amount}('');
    if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
  } else {
    IERC20(_token).safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);
  }

  // Emit the event
  emit WithdrawFunds(_token, _amount, _receiver);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To enhance the security of the `withdrawFunds` function and prevent potential loss of funds, it is recommended to add a check that validates the `_receiver` address as follows:
```solidity
require(_receiver != address(0), "AutomationVault: receiver cannot be the zero address");
```

This simple validation should be included before any funds are transferred to ensure that the receiver address is legitimate and not address(0), thereby preventing the accidental loss of assets.

