Virtual Carob Scallop

high

# Any approved keeper can drain an `AutomationVault` by inflating gas fees via unchecked parameters

## Summary

- Because the low-level `call` function does not type-check parameters, jobs executed by an `AutomationVault` can succeed even when they receive unexpected or incorrect inputs
- The only validation of the `jobData` provided by the keeper is on its first four bytes (i.e., the function selector), but `jobData` is actually `type(bytes)`, and is passed to the job as such (to enable modular support for jobs with necessary parameters)
- Extra parameters passed to jobs by way of the vault's low-level `call` will be ignored, but they can still greatly affect the cost of executing the transaction
- This can be exploited to drain the `AutomationVault`, which will temporarily disable its jobs until its owner replinishes its funds. This could create a more profitable vulnerability in underlying DeFi protocols, which will depend on xKeeper for critical functionality
- This vulnerability affects all three relays implemented in xKeeper

## Vulnerability Detail

This [proof of concept](https://gist.github.com/ethanbennett/81208bd1d3c4052accbea6f6868d80b3) demonstrates two slightly different attack scenarios, described below. Both show that exploiting this vulnerability is easy to accomplish without corrupting the function signature or its intended parameters. They also both show that the low-level `call` will not type-check the provided parameters, so it does not revert when a direct invocation of the function normally would. Where they differ is in the cost of the exploit, which is not fully reimbursed by the `AutomationVault`.

It is important to note that the only reason this exploit costs the attacker anything is because the existing relays only track the fees accrued during the subcall to the underlying `AutomationVault` (and not the initial call to the relay's `exec` entrypoint). There is no guarantee that future relays — or even Gelato's fee calculation — will always be strictly limited to this subcall. If there is ever a scenario where the entire call to the relay's `exec` function is captured by the fee calculation, the attacker would be able to exploit the vault to the maximum degree discussed here while receiving the full reimbursement and bonus defined by the relayer.

The first exploit implements an attack (via `OpenRelay`) that is fully reimbursed by the protocol, but has a much smaller impact on the vault's balance than the second exploit. It executes a simple job, but encodes a moderate number of extra parameters in its `jobData` to inflate the gas cost of the transaction. This could be repeated to multiply the impact drastically, but it would be more difficult to execute enough times to effectively drain the contract, and the vault owner might notice the attack before any critical jobs are interrupted.

The second exploit is not profitable in itself, but it costs the attacker less than half of what it costs the vault — which, in this case, is approximately 0.2 ETH. This attack is the same as the first, except it encodes a much greater number of extra parameters in its `jobData`. The number of extra parameters an attacker can include for a single job is theoretically only limited by the `block.gaslimit`, but functionally, an attacker would also need to take into account the gas required for executing the relay's `exec` function and the specified job. However, outside the context of Foundry, an attacker could use the same approach demonstrated in the PoC to stuff an entire block with one `exec` and drive its cost much higher than seen even in this second exploit. And, like the first exploit, the second could be repeated without limit to multiply its impact.

Attackers may very well exploit a vault in a way that seems unprofitable at first glance, because they might stand to gain more from temporarily disabling an underlying protocol's keepers than they need to spend to drain the vault in the first place.

The most important aspect to consider about both scenarios together is that they are each points on a spectrum. In reality, an attacker can tweak the cost-to-impact ratio to whatever level makes sense for their attack, and they can choose whatever approved function signature is most advantageous in the context of the underlying protocol to serve as their Trojan job.

## Impact

Below are the impacts (on mainnet) of each test exploit on the vault and the attacker, as well as the costs of executing the same sample job without malicious parameters. These numbers could be larger in reality, either by way of repeating the exploit or by inflating the gas usage all the way up to the `block.gaslimit`.

**Small-scale sample job exploit costs (OpenRelay)**

| Job | Impact on `AutomationVault`| Impact on Attacker |
| :--: | :--: | :--: |
| Normal execution | - 2402066 gwei | + 406096 gwei |
| Sustainable exploit | - 3190481 gwei | + 3373 gwei |
| Larger exploit | - 0.20 ETH (83.3 × normal execution cost)| - 0.0915 ETH |

## Code Snippet

- `jobData` is defined as `bytes` on [IAutomationVault:L144](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/blob/d7572f7af607dc69377636bb0e186d45600388b1/solidity/interfaces/core/IAutomationVault.sol#L144)
- `jobData` is clipped to `bytes4` before validating the function signature on [AutomationVault:L414](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/blob/d7572f7af607dc69377636bb0e186d45600388b1/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L414)
- `jobData` is passed as data with `call`, including whatever bytes were excluded from validation, on [AutomationVault:L417](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/blob/d7572f7af607dc69377636bb0e186d45600388b1/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L417)

## Tool used

Manual Review, Foundry

## Recommendation

The most thorough mitigation would involve parsing function signatures and manually validating the parameters encoded in `jobData`, but the complexity and cost of this operation could make it unsuitable for the protocol.

Instead, it may be better to allow users to set a maximum fee for each approved function selector, and revert if the fee quoted by the relayer exceeds it. This fee limit should have a default value that allows for most jobs (even when the network is crowded), but still limits the worst impacts of any attempted exploits.

Alongside a fee limit, it is worth considering rate limits for individual keepers. This would make it much more difficult for attackers to repeat smaller exploits enough times to achieve the same results as the larger ones. Even at values low enough to be non-restrictive for honest bots, rate limits could have a considerable impact on the viability of this exploit.