Joyful Spruce Eel

high

# The AutomationVault.exec function can successfully work with execData.length == 0

## Summary
Bots Keep3Relay and OpenRealy are restricted. `Also custom relays can be used and they are also restricted.`  The `AutomationVault.exec` function can successfully work with `execData.length == 0`

## Vulnerability Detail
`Should potential issues, like broken assumptions about function behavior, be reported if they could pose risks in future integrations, even if they might not be an issue in the context of the scope? If yes, can you elaborate on properties/invariants that should hold?`
- Yes.

A realistic scenario could unfold as follows:
1)Someone creates a custom relay with another protocol (which will be restricted per the README file).
2)`AutomationVault` smart contract should not assume that all checks are performed in other relays. The owner of `AutomationVault` adds this custom relay.
Since `AutomationVault` does not verify `_execData.length != 0`, users interacting with other custom relays may find themselves in a situation where the job is not executed, but the bot still receives payment:
```solidity
contract AutomationVault
function exec(address _relayCaller, ExecData[] calldata _execData, FeeData[] calldata _feeData) external {
   
    // Create the exec data needed variables
    ExecData memory _dataToExecute;
    uint256 _dataLength = _execData.length;
    uint256 _i;
    bool _success;

    // Iterate over the exec data to execute the jobs
    for (_i; _i < _dataLength;) {  /// if _dataLength == 0 won't iterate
}}

```
This issue falls into the category of issues `related to broken assumptions about function behavior, which should be reported if they could pose risks in future integrations`. The correct logic for the `AutomationVault.exec` function should be as follows: `_execData.length != 0`, which is not the case, posing risks in future integrations.

## Impact
Users's job is not executed, but the bot still receives payment.

## Code Snippet
[core/AutomationVault.sol#L410](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L410)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding check as follows:
```diff
function exec(address _relayCaller, ExecData[] calldata _execData, FeeData[] calldata _feeData) external {
+if (_execData.length == 0) revert NoExecData();
}
```
However, you should also update the logic of the `OpenRelay` smart contract, as it currently sends the payment to the bot with `new IAutomationVault.ExecData[](0)` . It might be advisable to allow only `OpenRelay` to pass `_execData.length == 0` or update the logic of the `OpenRelay` smart contract.
