Scrawny Plum Pelican

high

# Address Collision in `AutomationVaultFactory` Deployment

## Summary
The `deployAutomationVault()` function in the `AutomationVaultFactory` contract is vulnerable to an address collision attack when deploying new `AutomationVault` contracts using the `CREATE2` opcode. This issue can potentially be exploited by an attacker to perform a meet-in-the-middle attack, leading to unexpected address collisions and the possibility of funds being drained from the newly created contracts.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `deployAutomationVault()` function generates new `AutomationVault` contract addresses using the `CREATE2` opcode, which allows for deterministic address generation. The input for the address generation includes `msg.sender` and a `_salt` value provided by the caller. This mechanism is susceptible to a meet-in-the-middle attack, where an attacker could potentially precompute a collision by setting up a contract at a target address derived from guessed `_salt` and `msg.sender` values, leading to a scenario where the deployment of a new `AutomationVault` could unintentionally overwrite an existing contract address prepared by the attacker.

The specific vulnerability arises from the predictable way that `_salt` is used and the reliance on unverified user input, combined with `msg.sender`, to generate the deployment address. This could allow an attacker with knowledge of how `CREATE2` addresses are computed to deploy a malicious contract at the same address that an honest user might later use, thereby gaining control over funds sent to this address.

### PoC: Finding a collision
In the deployment function:

```solidity
_automationVault = new AutomationVault{salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _salt))}(_owner, _nativeToken);

```

Potential steps for an attack include:

- Pre-computation of Addresses: An attacker computes potential addresses using known or guessed salts combined with their address (or other predictable msg.sender values).
- Deployment of Malicious Contract: Before a legitimate user deploys their AutomationVault, the attacker deploys a malicious contract to one of the pre-computed addresses.
- Interception and Drainage: When the user attempts to deploy their contract, they unintentionally deploy to the address where the malicious contract already exists, allowing the attacker to control assets sent to this address.

Impact
Successful exploitation of this vulnerability allows an attacker to:

- Gain control over assets deposited into the newly created AutomationVault contracts.
- Potentially disrupt normal operation and undermine trust in the platform's security.

## Impact
If exploited, this vulnerability can lead to:

- Loss of funds: Any ether or tokens sent to the newly created contract can be immediately accessed by the attacker.
- Loss of contract integrity: If an attacker deploys a malicious contract to the address before the legitimate user, the attacker's contract could execute unintended actions.
- Deception and loss of trust: Users may unknowingly interact with a malicious contract masquerading as a legitimate deployed `AutomationVault`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVaultFactory.sol#L52-L69

```solidity

function deployAutomationVault(
  address _owner,
  address _nativeToken,
  uint256 _salt
) external returns (IAutomationVault _automationVault) {
  _automationVault = new AutomationVault{salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender, _salt))}(_owner, _nativeToken);
  if (address(_automationVault) == address(0)) revert AutomationVaultFactory_Create2Failed();
  _automationVaults.add(address(_automationVault));
  emit DeployAutomationVault(_owner, address(_automationVault));
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing additional safeguards and altering the address generation logic:

- Enhanced Salt Entropy: Increase the entropy of the `_salt` by incorporating additional variables that are less predictable, such as block timestamp, blockhash, or other on-chain data that cannot be easily predicted or manipulated by an attacker.
- Address Collision Detection: Before deploying a new contract, implement a check to ensure that the computed address does not already contain code. This can be done using `extcodesize`.
- User Notification: Inform users about the potential risk of address collision when providing the `_salt` value and advise them on how to select a secure `_salt`.
- Audit and Monitoring Tools: Implement monitoring tools to watch for unusual patterns in `_salt` values that may indicate attempts to exploit this vulnerability.