Electric Metal Sidewinder

high

# Incorrect logic of gas calculation at revert() external call in OpenRelay.sol

## Summary
The logic of executing work and paying commissions for work done in a single transaction can be easily exploited to steal gas from the transaction initiators of all relay transactions. If a revert occurs while executing a job, the transaction in each relay's logic will not get to the point of paying out the spent gas. This applies to each relay, I will describe it in detail for openRelay

## Vulnerability Detail

If the call [_automationVault.exec(msg.sender, _execData, new IAutomationVault.FeeData[](0))](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/relays/OpenRelay.sol#L30-L30) is reverted, the spent gas will not be reimbursed, as the execution of the whole transaction will be stopped and reverted, respectively the transaction will not reach the logic of calculation/payment of the spent gas. This is because the exception that may occur during an external call is not handled, and any exception in [`AutomationVault::exec` operation will cause the entire transaction to be reverted](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L418-L418), which will revert the entire transaction. Moreover, a malicious owner can purposely steal gas from openRelay transaction senders by simply running a deliberately expensive job and then reversing the transaction.
```js
contract Work {
    uint b;
    function work() external {
        uint i = 0;
        while (i < 1000000000000000000000) {
            b = 10;
            delete b;
        }
        require(1 == 0);
    }
}
```


## Impact
This error occurs when using any relay, because in each relay the payment of commissions occurs after the work is done, accordingly, the payment of commissions will not occur when at least one work is reverted. Also since the job is executed without specifying an upper gas limit for target.call, max 63/64 ^ 2 gas from the initial transaction can be stolen from the sender 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make the logic of gas payment not so dependent on the success of the job. 
It is possible not to revert transactions when the job fails, and also to wrap in try catch external calls.
