Happy Lemon Octopus

medium

# Limitations in the `exec` function

## Summary
Limitations in the `exec` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
Currently, there are limitations in the `exec` function. The first limitation is that the `exec` function is not payable, thus preventing the execution of jobs that require sending NATIVE tokens.

For instance, if the Vault owner intends to automate the depositing of ETH into popular lending, staking or trading protocols when certain market conditions occur, he would need to add the contracts of these protocols as jobs, along with their function selectors of functions depositETH, stakeETH, tradeETH or liquidateETH. 

This will be impossible to accomplish because the job contract can not receive ETH, and the owner can not automate these processes.

```solidity
//@audit-issue Is nto possible to send ETH to job contract
(_success,) = _dataToExecute.job.call(_dataToExecute.jobData);
```

The other limitation is the incorrect handling of the call to the fallback function of the job contract. For example, in smart contracts that implement the Diamond Standard, their entire logic passes through the fallback function, and then the appropriate function is called. The fallback function in smart contracts does not have a specific function selector. The owner has to add a random function selector, such as `0x12345678`, to trigger the fallback function of the contract.

This can open up problems for users (user mistakes or function collisions) in setting the correct variables so that the fallback function can be triggered.

## Impact
The owner is unable to automate certain processes because it's not possible to send ETH to the job contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L417

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add functionality to send NATIVE tokens to the job contract and create a special constant variable to be used when the owner wants to call the fallback function of the job contract.