Dry Mint Koala

medium

# Deleting and Modifying Relays/Jobs can Stuck Because of Usage of EnumerableSet.values() in non-view Functions

## Summary
Delete and Modify operations can revert because of excess EnumerableSet.values() usage in non-view contracts which made core contract functionality broken.
## Vulnerability Detail
EnumerableSet's `values() function is expensive in terms of gas, and it shouldn't be used in functions that are not view only as can be seen from it's explanation:
```solidity
    /**
     * @dev Return the entire set in an array
     *
     * WARNING: This operation will copy the entire storage to memory, which can be quite expensive. This is designed
     * to mostly be used by view accessors that are queried without any gas fees. Developers should keep in mind that
     * this function has an unbounded cost, and using it as part of a state-changing function may render the function
     * uncallable if the set grows to a point where copying to memory consumes too much gas to fit in a block.
     */
    function _values(Set storage set) private view returns (bytes32[] memory) {
        return set._values;
```
`deleteRelay` function and `modifyRelay` function uses this `values()` function multiple times in different loops. This can lead to reaching block gas limit while trying to delete or modify parameters in relay.
Although the revert requires many jobs with many possible function selectors, since xKeeper does not put any requirements for maximum job amounts or maximum function selectors for a job, it can be achieved.
When these calls revert, it won't be possible to change any relay information. If some operations are not expected to be used anymore, or became malicious and vault owner wants to remove them, it won't be possible. Only thing the vault owner can do is to withdraw all funds from both the contract and also from keeper integrations so that keepers won't be able to exec.
## Impact
It's impact can differ in different scenarios. Most basic one is making the contract unusable. It also can have further effects such as: If AutomationVault is used as an integration for some protocols, their automation jobs won't work until they create a new version for AutomationVault and connecting it to their protocols. If they didn't put any setter function for AutomationVault (if it is immutable), their contracts can also stop functioning permanently.

## Code Snippet
[deleteRelay](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol/#L207)
[ModifyRelay](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol/#L273)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Put maximum values for these variables