Odd Walnut Bee

medium

# [AutomationVault] - Potential Reentrancy Risks in ERC20 Token Handling in AutomationVault Contract

## Summary
The `AutomationVault` contract is designed to interact with a broad range of ERC20 tokens, leveraging OpenZeppelin’s `SafeERC20` library for safe token operations. However, despite the use of `SafeERC20`, the contract's architecture does not currently include explicit protections against reentrancy attacks in functions that handle token transfers or other critical state-changing operations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contract's functions that involve ERC20 token interactions do not use the nonReentrant modifier. Given the open nature of the contract to interact with any ERC20 token, this omission poses a potential security risk. Even tokens adhering to the ERC20 standard can be implemented in ways that allow for unexpected behavior, such as reentrancy during transfer calls.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
See the related code segment for `changeOwner` function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/main/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L125-L136)
```solidity
function withdrawFunds(address _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) external onlyOwner {
  // If the token is the native token, transfer the funds to the receiver, otherwise transfer the tokens
  if (_token == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
    (bool _success,) = _receiver.call{value: _amount}('');
    if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
  } else {
    IERC20(_token).safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);
  }

  // Emit the event
  emit WithdrawFunds(_token, _amount, _receiver);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate potential reentrancy vulnerabilities and strengthen the security of the contract, the `nonReentrant` modifier from OpenZeppelin’s `ReentrancyGuard` should be applied to all public and external functions that perform state changes or asset transfers, including ERC20 interactions. This would ensure that no further calls can be made into the contract until the execution of sensitive functions is completed, effectively blocking reentrancy pathways.

```solidity
import {ReentrancyGuard} from 'openzeppelin/security/ReentrancyGuard.sol';

function withdrawFunds(address _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) external onlyOwner nonReentrant {
    ...
    IERC20(_token).safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);
    ...
}
```

This modification provides a robust defense mechanism against the reentrancy attacks, safeguarding the contract’s operations and maintaining the integrity of its transactions.
