Puny Amethyst Gazelle

high

# Unchecked External Ether Transfer in `withdrawFunds` Function

### Vulnerability Report: Unchecked External Ether Transfer in `withdrawFunds` Function

## Summary

The `withdrawFunds` function in the provided Solidity contract transfers Ether to an external address using the `.call` function without proper error handling. This vulnerability poses a high risk as it could result in funds being sent to unintended recipients, especially if the recipient address is a contract with a fallback function that consumes excessive gas or reverts unexpectedly.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises from the lack of proper error handling in the `withdrawFunds` function when transferring Ether to an external address using the `.call` function.

## Impact

The unchecked external Ether transfer could allow attackers to drain funds from the contract by providing the address of a malicious contract with a fallback function that consumes excessive gas or reverts unexpectedly. This could lead to significant financial losses for the contract owner and users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-xkeeper/blob/b82de26633c1904ccfb3c121497845128f1c5c5f/xkeeper-core/solidity/contracts/core/AutomationVault.sol#L125
```solidity
function withdrawFunds(address _token, uint256 _amount, address _receiver) external onlyOwner {
    // If the token is the native token, transfer the funds to the receiver, otherwise transfer the tokens
    if (_token == NATIVE_TOKEN) {
        (bool _success,) = _receiver.call{value: _amount}('');
        if (!_success) revert AutomationVault_NativeTokenTransferFailed();
    } else {
        IERC20(_token).safeTransfer(_receiver, _amount);
    }

    // Emit the event
    emit WithdrawFunds(_token, _amount, _receiver);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, use the `transfer` function instead of `.call` when transferring Ether to an external address. Additionally, implement proper error handling to revert the transaction if the transfer fails. Consider implementing a withdrawal pattern where users must explicitly withdraw their funds rather than allowing the owner to withdraw funds on their behalf. This will enhance the security of the contract and prevent potential loss of funds.